The joe rogan experience.
Cool stuff.
Ooh,
this is a five round or two,
right?
Yeah,
man,
that's a weird argument,
right?
Like what do you like when they changed the main events to five rounds?
Not just world title fights,
but main events too.
Yeah.
People like it rounds the better.
You have more five round fights.
Definitely get you thinking,
look,
you'll,
you'll figure out who the fuck is the best fighter because oftentimes things
start getting weird around the fourth round.
But fighters make the argument,
and I've heard this argument before,
like you only have so many five round fights in your body.
Yeah.
And when you're using them up on these,
uh,
fights where you're trying to get to a world title,
like by the time you get there,
those fourth and fifth rounds or they're taking a toll on you and it could,
we could potentially see guys with a shorter careers because of that.
Yeah.
When also thinking about what goes into a camp for a five round fight.
I mean it's five rounds harder for eight weeks,
10 weeks,
and you're starting to get into,
I had this camp for a five round fight.
So the camp itself is harder to,
and you only,
you know,
you only have so many those in.
Yeah,
yeah.
There's no,
there's no arguing that it's like a boxing,
you know,
it used to be 15 rounds and they went,
you know those last three?
Yeah.
Really a killer.
Well,
I think it was that duck do Kim.
That was the fight,
right?
Ray?
Boom,
boom man.
See what water fight that was.
And that was another weight cut issue.
Yup.
That was back when they used to make them wait in the day of the fight.
Yeah.
Ooh,
front kick to the face.
Yeah.
Referee committed to dead.
He really is.
He did.
God Damn.
Which referee was that?
I that,
that I don't man,
I don't remember his name.
And I know he took his life.
Oh Man.
He got suicide to the body.
Oh.
Oh,
Jeremy Stephens with a right knee left knee.
Oh Man.
Rose like Chevy stole something from him.
Jeremy.
It's rose hay makers.
He ticked,
he tagged him with that right hand.
Who the fuck is more savage than Jeremy Stephens?
Not many.
Oh,
switch elbow.
That by choice.
Nice.
Looked like a jab,
then turned it over
and a leg kick for strong leg kick by choice.
What put a lot of people would hesitate at this point to throw that many lake
kicks when the guy's got a right hand like that.
And he's not hesitating.
No.
He's really prepared well to avoid it and to counter make them pay and that
long,
long stiff jab of his helps to get a little the reach advantage as well.
Jeremy.
I think Jeremy's five,
eight and a half inch and a half
taller,
maybe two inches tall.
Boom.
Oh,
beautiful timing with that right hand.
Snapped his head back.
Ooh.
Nice Jab to there,
Jeremy.
Jeremy getting that timing down.
Choice.
Taking it well though.
Yup.
Well he took it well and that cub Swanson,
he took it hard leg kick there too.
Now he's tied.
Starting to turn a little bit of walking him down.
He's walking him down,
switching legs and looking for those big shots thrown,
thrown some offspeed punches to close the distance.
Okay.
I think a couple of checklists would be good for them.
Choice coming in once again with that head straight up.
But Steven's just loves walking forward,
man.
But he's such a fucking animal.
Yeah.
I mean he just loves these firefights that the opportunity to test.
Who's the tougher guy and especially at one 45
oh right.
Might be it.
I was good.
Good.
Leaping shot.
Staying with the left hand.
Oh,
Don Donald.
That's done.
Oh my God.
Wow.
What a fuck you right here is an animal.
Oh,
broke that guy's back and go.
That guy's fucked.
Who is that guy?
Dad.
Oh,
imaginable.
He's playing it off.
Oh Man.
That's beautiful.
Whew.
What a fight too.
Huh?
But as soon as that tide turned,
as soon as he felt like I can walk through these punches,
it was over.
Yeah.
Fucking animal guy is a savage.
He's such a savage.
Jeremy.
Steve.
It's great stuff,
man.
Fuck.
That was awesome.
Ooh.
And he could do that to anybody.
That's the thing.
He takes it so well and his,
that attitude that he's got that fucking ferocious attitude.
Now here's what's really impressive.
When you think about choice war with Cub Swanson,
and you think Jeremy Stevens just smashed him inside of two is impressively that
he got front kicked in the face,
kinda.
It was almost like a crescent kick.
It took it on the side.
Boom,
right hand boom,
snapped him back with that one.
That was the beginning of the weekend.
That was the,
the the head snap or that was it.
And that one over the top.
He caught him right on the temple and his legs going,
boom.
Look at that.
Jesus Christ.
Here's the one.
That's the big one.
Oh my goodness.
Boom.
That was great.
Good job.
Fuck.
Hell yeah.
Good stuff,
man.
That's good fucking fight.
Well Boys,
Steven's always going to be that guy.
Didn't do that task big over rent right hand.
[inaudible]
okay.